"unfatalize" (#2554)
oasislabs/oasis-core: .changelog/2554.bugfix.md

go tendermint: Unfatalize seed populating nodes from genesis

In some cases we'd prefer to include some nodes in the genesis document
even when they're registered with an invalid address.

> This makes the seed nodeignore those entries and carry on, while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes the seed node ignore those entries and carry on, while
```
